run to and fro through the streets of
run to and fro through the streets of Jerusalem see now and know and seek in
Jerusalem see now and know and seek in
Jerusalem see now and know and seek in her open places if you can find a man if
her open places if you can find a man if
her open places if you can find a man if there is anyone who executes judgment
there is anyone who executes judgment
there is anyone who executes judgment who seeks the truth and I will pardon
who seeks the truth and I will pardon
who seeks the truth and I will pardon her though they say as the Lord lives
her though they say as the Lord lives
her though they say as the Lord lives surely they swear falsely Oh Lord are
surely they swear falsely Oh Lord are
surely they swear falsely Oh Lord are not your eyes on the truth you have
not your eyes on the truth you have
not your eyes on the truth you have stricken them but they have not breathed
stricken them but they have not breathed
stricken them but they have not breathed you have consumed them but they have
you have consumed them but they have
you have consumed them but they have refused to receive correction they have
refused to receive correction they have
refused to receive correction they have made their faces harder than rock they
made their faces harder than rock they
made their faces harder than rock they have refused to return therefore I said
have refused to return therefore I said
have refused to return therefore I said surely these are poor they are foolish
surely these are poor they are foolish
surely these are poor they are foolish for they do not know the way of the Lord
for they do not know the way of the Lord
for they do not know the way of the Lord the judgment of their God I will go to
the judgment of their God I will go to
the judgment of their God I will go to the great men and speak to them for they
the great men and speak to them for they
the great men and speak to them for they have known the way of the Lord the
have known the way of the Lord the
have known the way of the Lord the judgment of their God but these have
judgment of their God but these have
judgment of their God but these have altogether broken the yoke and burst the
altogether broken the yoke and burst the
altogether broken the yoke and burst the bonds therefore a lion from the forest
bonds therefore a lion from the forest
bonds therefore a lion from the forest shall slay them a wolf of the desert
shall slay them a wolf of the desert
shall slay them a wolf of the desert shall destroy them a leopard will watch
shall destroy them a leopard will watch
shall destroy them a leopard will watch over their cities everyone who goes out
over their cities everyone who goes out
over their cities everyone who goes out from there shall be torn in pieces
from there shall be torn in pieces
from there shall be torn in pieces because their transgressions are many
because their transgressions are many
because their transgressions are many their backslidings
their backslidings
their backslidings have increased how shall i pardon you
have increased how shall i pardon you
have increased how shall i pardon you for this your children have forsaken me
for this your children have forsaken me
for this your children have forsaken me and sworn by those that are not gods
and sworn by those that are not gods
and sworn by those that are not gods when I had fed them to the full then
when I had fed them to the full then
when I had fed them to the full then they committed adultery and assembled
they committed adultery and assembled
they committed adultery and assembled themselves by troops in the harlots
themselves by troops in the harlots
themselves by troops in the harlots houses
houses
houses they were like well-fed lusty stallions
they were like well-fed lusty stallions
they were like well-fed lusty stallions everyone neighed after his neighbor's
everyone neighed after his neighbor's
everyone neighed after his neighbor's wife shall I not punish them for these
wife shall I not punish them for these
wife shall I not punish them for these things and shall I not avenge myself on
things and shall I not avenge myself on
things and shall I not avenge myself on such a nation as this go up on her walls
such a nation as this go up on her walls
such a nation as this go up on her walls and destroy but do not make a complete
and destroy but do not make a complete
and destroy but do not make a complete end take away her branches for they are
end take away her branches for they are
end take away her branches for they are not the laws for the house of Israel and
not the laws for the house of Israel and
not the laws for the house of Israel and the house of Judah have dealt very
the house of Judah have dealt very
the house of Judah have dealt very treacherously with me they have lied
treacherously with me they have lied
treacherously with me they have lied about the Lord and said it is not he
about the Lord and said it is not he
about the Lord and said it is not he neither will evil come upon us nor shall
neither will evil come upon us nor shall
neither will evil come upon us nor shall we see sword or famine and the prophets
we see sword or famine and the prophets
we see sword or famine and the prophets become wind for the word is not in them
become wind for the word is not in them
become wind for the word is not in them thus shall it be done to them therefore
thus shall it be done to them therefore
thus shall it be done to them therefore thus says the Lord God of hosts and
thus says the Lord God of hosts and
thus says the Lord God of hosts and because you speak this word behold I
because you speak this word behold I
because you speak this word behold I will make my words in your mouth fire
will make my words in your mouth fire
will make my words in your mouth fire and this people moved and it shall
and this people moved and it shall
and this people moved and it shall devour them behold I will bring a nation
devour them behold I will bring a nation
devour them behold I will bring a nation against you from afar the house of
against you from afar the house of
against you from afar the house of Israel it is a mighty nation it is an
Israel it is a mighty nation it is an
Israel it is a mighty nation it is an ancient nation a nation whose language
ancient nation a nation whose language
ancient nation a nation whose language you do not know nor can you understand
you do not know nor can you understand
you do not know nor can you understand what they say their quiver is like an
what they say their quiver is like an
what they say their quiver is like an open tool they are all mighty men and
open tool they are all mighty men and
open tool they are all mighty men and they shall eat up your harvest and your
they shall eat up your harvest and your
they shall eat up your harvest and your bread which your sons and daughters
bread which your sons and daughters
bread which your sons and daughters should eat they shall eat up your flocks
should eat they shall eat up your flocks
should eat they shall eat up your flocks and your herds they shall eat up your
and your herds they shall eat up your
and your herds they shall eat up your vines and your fig trees they shall
vines and your fig trees they shall
vines and your fig trees they shall destroy your fortified cities in which
destroy your fortified cities in which
destroy your fortified cities in which you trust with the sword
you trust with the sword
you trust with the sword nevertheless in those days I will not
nevertheless in those days I will not
nevertheless in those days I will not make a complete end
make a complete end
make a complete end and it will be when you say why does the
and it will be when you say why does the
and it will be when you say why does the Lord our God do all these things to us
Lord our God do all these things to us
Lord our God do all these things to us then you shall answer them just as you
then you shall answer them just as you
then you shall answer them just as you have forsaken me and served foreign gods
have forsaken me and served foreign gods
have forsaken me and served foreign gods in your land so you shall serve aliens
in your land so you shall serve aliens
in your land so you shall serve aliens in a land that is not yours declare this
in a land that is not yours declare this
in a land that is not yours declare this in the house of Jacob and proclaim it in
in the house of Jacob and proclaim it in
in the house of Jacob and proclaim it in Judah hear this now all foolish people
Judah hear this now all foolish people
Judah hear this now all foolish people without understanding who have eyes and
without understanding who have eyes and
without understanding who have eyes and see not who have ears and hear not do
see not who have ears and hear not do
see not who have ears and hear not do you not fear me says the Lord
you not fear me says the Lord
you not fear me says the Lord well you've not trembled at my presence
well you've not trembled at my presence
well you've not trembled at my presence who have faced the sand as the bound of
who have faced the sand as the bound of
who have faced the sand as the bound of the sea by a perpetual decree that it
the sea by a perpetual decree that it
the sea by a perpetual decree that it cannot pass beyond it and though it's
cannot pass beyond it and though it's
cannot pass beyond it and though it's waves tossed to and fro yet they cannot
waves tossed to and fro yet they cannot
waves tossed to and fro yet they cannot prevail though they roar yet they cannot
prevail though they roar yet they cannot
prevail though they roar yet they cannot pass over it but this people has a
pass over it but this people has a
pass over it but this people has a defiant and rebellious heart they have
defiant and rebellious heart they have
defiant and rebellious heart they have revolted and departed they do not say in
revolted and departed they do not say in
revolted and departed they do not say in their heart
their heart
their heart let us now fear the Lord our God who
let us now fear the Lord our God who
let us now fear the Lord our God who gives reign both the former and the
gives reign both the former and the
gives reign both the former and the latter in its season he reserves for us
latter in its season he reserves for us
latter in its season he reserves for us the appointed weeks of the harvest your
the appointed weeks of the harvest your
the appointed weeks of the harvest your iniquities have turned these things away
iniquities have turned these things away
iniquities have turned these things away and your sins have withheld good from
and your sins have withheld good from
and your sins have withheld good from you for among my people are found wicked
you for among my people are found wicked
you for among my people are found wicked men they lie in wait as one who set
men they lie in wait as one who set
men they lie in wait as one who set snares they set a trap they catch men
snares they set a trap they catch men
snares they set a trap they catch men as a cage is full of birds so their
as a cage is full of birds so their
as a cage is full of birds so their houses are full of deceipt therefore
houses are full of deceipt therefore
houses are full of deceipt therefore they have become great and grown rich
they have become great and grown rich
they have become great and grown rich they have grown fat they are sleek yes
they have grown fat they are sleek yes
they have grown fat they are sleek yes they surpass the deeds of the wicked
they surpass the deeds of the wicked
they surpass the deeds of the wicked they do not plead the cause the cause of
they do not plead the cause the cause of
they do not plead the cause the cause of the fatherless yet they prosper and the
the fatherless yet they prosper and the
the fatherless yet they prosper and the right of the needy they do not defend it
right of the needy they do not defend it
right of the needy they do not defend it shall I not punish them for these things
shall I not punish them for these things
shall I not punish them for these things shall I not avenge myself on such a
shall I not avenge myself on such a
shall I not avenge myself on such a nation as this an astonishing and
nation as this an astonishing and
nation as this an astonishing and horrible thing has been committed in the
horrible thing has been committed in the
horrible thing has been committed in the land the prophets prophesied falsely and
land the prophets prophesied falsely and
land the prophets prophesied falsely and the priests ruled by their own power and
the priests ruled by their own power and
the priests ruled by their own power and my people love to have itself but what
my people love to have itself but what
my people love to have itself but what will you do in the end